wcm X or wheelchair motocross brings the
moves the stunts and the speed of BMX
biking to wheelchair athletes this is a
story of dizzying highs and nerves of
steel of Britain's first wheelchair
motocross champion fifteen year old Lily
Rice nearly spent long hours at home
watching videos on YouTube looks pretty
interesting so I just clicked on it and
then that's all started straightaway
there was that little spark of hang on
this is something amazing this looks
really cool when American Aaron
fotheringham started experimenting with
his chair he accidentally invented a new
adrenaline sport Aaron was the first
person in the world to Mandor difficult
and dangerous wheelchair
so that made me really want to land it I
knew that was what I wanted to do and
then I wasn't gonna leave until I'd done
it I fell loads fell forwards fell
backwards sideways but I was determined
I was gonna land it that day I was the
first girl in the world to land a
backflip on the wheelchair I think I
just looked at like whoa this just
happened and I screamed because I was
like
[Music]
what's the future now what are we hoping
to do in your future and also in the
future of your sport that you love so
much obviously I really like to win the
World Championship yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
I also want to continue to inspire more
people to ride them help em like fun
more chairs
amazing stuff Dean Awards one more time
give it up for the incredible some
Petersburg Florida the location for an
international gathering of wheelchair
athletes some of the most fearless
riders in the world points are awarded
for skill daring and staying on your
wheels in a time limited run the crazier
the better
last year Lilly became world champion
[Music]